libraries/Enrich/README.md, before:

# wiEnrich library
This is a C-library that allows you to write text like:
```
"This is [GREEN]text [ON BRIGHT-BLUE]on a bright-blue[/] background."
```

The single function `void enrich(char* message)` will take the string,
and substitute all the keywords in proper escape-characters.

This substitution will happen in-place, 
and it will happen in a single pass through the string.

> [!WARNING]
> This library WILL throw a runtime error when it detected a problem.
> Potential problems:
>   - Invalid keyword between `[]`
>   - Closing (`[/]`) without having started an effect
>   - Not closing (`[/]`) at the end of the message
>
> To avoid that your program will crash, test it first ;-)


## Limitations
There are only a limited set of colours available to use. 
When you have some experience with these escape-characters, 
you will know why. 
This doesn't support extra colours,
you'll need to find the escape-characters for those yourself.

The library also does not keep track of which effects have been applied when.
Practically, this means that you cannot escape/stop one effect at a time.
When inserting a `[/]`, all text will be back to normal.


## List of recognised keywords
You'll notice that for every available colour, 
there is the colour itself as foreground and background,
and both are also available in their bright versions.

- "[/]"             <- Resets everything back
- "[NUMBER]"        <- BOLD + CYAN
- "[BOLD]"            
- "[DIM]"             
- "[ITALIC]"          
- "[UNDER]"           
- "[STRIKE]"          

- "[BLACK]"           
- "[BRIGHT-BLACK]"    
- "[ON BLACK]"        
- "[ON BRIGHT-BLACK]" 

- "[RED]"             
- "[BRIGHT-RED]"      
- "[ON RED]"          
- "[ON BRIGHT-RED]"   

- "[GREEN]"           
- "[BRIGHT-GREEN]"    
- "[ON GREEN]"        
- "[ON BRIGHT-GREEN]" 

- "[YELLOW]"          
- "[BRIGHT-YELLOW]"   
- "[ON YELLOW]"       
- "[ON BRIGHT-YELLOW]"

- "[BLUE]"            
- "[BRIGHT-BLUE]"     
- "[ON BLUE]"         
- "[ON BRIGHT-BLUE]"  

- "[MAGENTA]"         
- "[BRIGHT-MAGENTA]"  
- "[ON MAGENTA]"      
- "[ON BRIGHT-MAGENTA]"

- "[CYAN]"            
- "[BRIGHT-CYAN]"     
- "[ON CYAN]"         
- "[ON BRIGHT-CYAN]"  

- "[WHITE]"           
- "[BRIGHT-WHITE]"    
- "[ON WHITE]"        
- "[ON BRIGHT-WHITE]"

Commit message:

Enrich: add how-to-use section in README

libraries/Enrich/README.md, after:

# wiEnrich library
This is a C-library that allows you to write text like:
```
"This is [GREEN]text [ON BRIGHT-BLUE]on a bright-blue[/] background."
```

The single function `void enrich(char* message)` will take the string,
and substitute all the keywords in proper escape-characters.

This substitution will happen in-place, 
and it will happen in a single pass through the string.

> [!WARNING]
> This library WILL throw a runtime error when it detected a problem.
> Potential problems:
>   - Invalid keyword between `[]`
>   - Closing (`[/]`) without having started an effect
>   - Not closing (`[/]`) at the end of the message
>
> To avoid that your program will crash, test it first ;-)


## How to use
Run `make` inside the 'Enrich/' directory. 
This will produce `lib/libenrich.a`, which you can link to your own program.
Don't forget to also `#include "enrich.h"` in some way. 


## Limitations
There are only a limited set of colours available to use. 
When you have some experience with these escape-characters, 
you will know why. 
This doesn't support extra colours,
you'll need to find the escape-characters for those yourself.

The library also does not keep track of which effects have been applied when.
Practically, this means that you cannot escape/stop one effect at a time.
When inserting a `[/]`, all text will be back to normal.


## List of recognised keywords
You'll notice that for every available colour, 
there is the colour itself as foreground and background,
and both are also available in their bright versions.

- "[/]"             <- Resets everything back
- "[NUMBER]"        <- BOLD + CYAN
- "[BOLD]"            
- "[DIM]"             
- "[ITALIC]"          
- "[UNDER]"           
- "[STRIKE]"          

- "[BLACK]"           
- "[BRIGHT-BLACK]"    
- "[ON BLACK]"        
- "[ON BRIGHT-BLACK]" 

- "[RED]"             
- "[BRIGHT-RED]"      
- "[ON RED]"          
- "[ON BRIGHT-RED]"   

- "[GREEN]"           
- "[BRIGHT-GREEN]"    
- "[ON GREEN]"        
- "[ON BRIGHT-GREEN]" 

- "[YELLOW]"          
- "[BRIGHT-YELLOW]"   
- "[ON YELLOW]"       
- "[ON BRIGHT-YELLOW]"

- "[BLUE]"            
- "[BRIGHT-BLUE]"     
- "[ON BLUE]"         
- "[ON BRIGHT-BLUE]"  

- "[MAGENTA]"         
- "[BRIGHT-MAGENTA]"  
- "[ON MAGENTA]"      
- "[ON BRIGHT-MAGENTA]"

- "[CYAN]"            
- "[BRIGHT-CYAN]"     
- "[ON CYAN]"         
- "[ON BRIGHT-CYAN]"  

- "[WHITE]"           
- "[BRIGHT-WHITE]"    
- "[ON WHITE]"        
- "[ON BRIGHT-WHITE]"
